Cheese in the Trap
Wow, she's totally getting her beauty sleep.
Hey Hong! Hey Hong!
Wake up huh? Open your eyes!
She's gone, she's gone.
Oh, you smell like alcohol.
- Hey! - I'm dead tired.
So tired. I said I'm so tired!
It's all because of you!
Ah, really. Drink this and come to your senses.
Huh? Hey.
Hey! You need to stop drinking! We have to go to our second round. Come to your senses.
I'm going to take a leave of absence from school.
I'll also taking leave from school.
- What "leave of absence"?  - I'm taking off from school.
You're saying useless things. Hey, this won't do.
What's wrong with her?
She's being a serious pain right now.
I guess this won't do. Let's just go home, Hong.
I'm not going. I'm not going!
I'm taking a leave of absence. I'm really going to do it.
I'll do it too.
- I'm taking a leave...- What's with you today?
You can't, no, no. Get your things please. Let's go home!
- Get up. - Get up. Come on, get up.
Get up, get up.
Hey! Where did he go? Where did he go? Where?
Where did he go?
Hey! Hey!
Hey! There's blood.
Oh you really...
There! Here he is! It's because of you.
Yeah.
I'll disappear from your sight then.
Happy now?
Episode 1
The reason why I decided to take a leave from school is...
1 year ago: Start of Semester Party
Hello.
- Oh! Hong Seol! - Hello.
- Hi, hi!- Hong Seol.
Oh Congrats on coming back to school, Hong Seol!
After working part-time for a year, it feels great to be back in school, doesn't it?
Now that I see you, I'm happy.
Have a drink.
So this is Eun Taek? - Yeah. No need to learn his name, he's just "Servant".
- How nice. You have a servant now. - My servant is your servant.
- Right, Servant?- Servant, cheers!
I don't think I deserve to hear this kind of talk.
The cabbage is all set.
I'll add meat and ssam sauce in heaps and heaps.(Ssam - sauce of red chili paste and soybean paste)
I'll add some garlic.
Don't even make eye contact with that guy.
And nicely pour this!
Ha Jae Woo?
- I'm not eating it. - Why? It's not dirty. Open wide.
- Ah, seriously! I'm how times do I have to tell you I'm not eating it!-What's up with that guy.
I don't make this soju wrap for just anyone!
Look away, look away.
Seol! Our hoobae, Hong, just came back to schoo. To celebrate
why don't we enliven the party atmosphere?
What do you mean, enliven?
Ah, Sunbae, who eats things like that nowadays? Why are you being this way?
- Get up.- Ah Sunbae that's too boring. Why don't you stop?
- It's the trick for those who can't hold their alcohol. - Hurry, why don't you hold it?
Hurry. It's spilling. Hurry, hurry.-Yeah why don't just eat it for him just once
Yeah, try it.
Here, here. Hong Hoobae! Hong Hoobae!
- ♫ How long are you going to have me sing and dance here  - Why don't you stop now huh?
I really hate these kind of things.♫ Alcohol's going in!
♫ Straight down, down, down! Eat it, eat it, eat it!
Hurray!
Hey, Hong Seol. Congrats on being back ok?
Oh, Jeong, you came?
- Sunbae! Sunbae! Come, come have a seat here - Oh Jeong, go there, there.
Sit across from me.
Hey you move! Move!
Ack! What is this? Give me this.
Everyone attention here for a second! Discharged from the military
and back for his junior year, is Yoo Jeong. Applause! Applause! Applause! Applause Applause Applause!
Haven't you also heard a lot about Sunbae Yoo Jeong?
He still has his killer visual even after so long.
But, his appearance is a bit cold.
Hey what do you mean cold? He's the epitome of perfect. Isn't that right, Servant?
Yes, I guess so.
But, he's sooo perfect, that he's not my type.
Speaking of which, a man should have some imperfections to have charm.
This imperfect man will give you some meat. Here you go.
Just watch. Now Da-Yeong Unni and Nam Joo Yeon are going to put on a show, trying to look good for him.
Sunbae, I'll make a wrap for you.
- Sunbae... - Sure, thanks.
Watch this. Nam Joo Yeon is on her way.
What? You guys have met before?
We met after starting college. But then you went off to military service.
Ah, really? What's your name?
I'm Nam Joo Yeon. Take good care of me.
Take good care of me too.
The table is a bit messy. Shall we order some more food?
- No, it's okay. I ate before coming. - No, we should order something for you.
But I'm okay... - Cockle? Buchimgae (Korean fried pancake)? What do you like?
Jeong doesn't eat things like that. All your tastes are so cheap.
Oh there it is. Sea-son-ed Sk-ate.
Order something else. That's expensive!
Hey, Jeong is the Seasoned Skate Killer.
He's the one who wants to eat it, but he's calling Sunbae Yoo Jeong the Seasoned Skate Killer.
Sunbae, I'll pour you a drink.
- No, it's okay, I'll do it. - No, I'll pour it.
- It's okay, I'll do it. - No, Ill pour it.
- It's okay.- No, I'll...
- Are you okay? - Hey, get some tissues!
Are you okay? Hey, go on and clean your clothes.
It looked like he spilled it on purpose.
Clean it.
He's smiling.
He really did spill it on purpose.
Where are you going?
You told me to clean it.
What's with that sunbae?
I've got a bad taste in my mouth.
O-O-Oh, Seol, you were over there?
Yes. What are you doing, Sunbae?
I was calculating the fees we collected for our outing.
Do they really have to always make old me count their money, right Seol? Aigoo.
Hyung, we should go for a second round. We've got money left over, right?
- What do you mean, left over? It's all gone! We need to collect 20,000₩ ($17.29) from everyone.- What?
- What do you mean? Who would pay 20 000₩ to go?- We have Jeong. Why are you worried?
- It's Jeong's first day back!- His family is rich, and Jeong's quite generous.
Hoobae Hong! You're going for the second round, aren't you?
No, not me.
Ah, why? I'll buy you something delicious! Seriously, man.
Then, are you paying?
Why would I pay? Yoo Jeong is here.
- Stop leeching off him.- Hey, since we haven't seen him in awhile, he's going to pay for everything.
That time...
I shouldn't have run into him like that
That was the beginning.
Hey, Hong Seol! Hong Seol!
You did it, didn't you? You said that I stole from the club funds for the Start of Semester Party?
You're the one who put it on the message board!
Wait, what do you mean?
Look. Are you still going to say that it wasn't you?Amounts on receipts don't match the fees. Where's the money? Investigation needed.
Wow, you're quite the actress.
You're so good at playing dumb.
I got dragged to the Disciplinary Board because of this.
They accused me of messing with funds from last year, interrogated me, and—
No, I didn't do it.
- What do you mean you didn't? You be quiet! - Do you have proof?
You're the only one who saw me counting the money on the stairs that day.
Why could it only be me? Someone else was there too.
Who? Who else was there? Who was there?
It was that smile.
There wasn't anyone there but you! Just you!
Ah, Sunbae, quiet down and let's talk things out.
- Hey how can you stab me in the back like that?  - Sunbae!
Whoever put that on the message board isn't the wrongdoer.
Talk with me later, okay?
Ah, seriously! I'll see you later.
Oh, that jinsang (unsightly thing). He's really taking it to the end, huh?
Seol, I think that you just did what you had to do.
I'll try talking to Sunbae Sang Cheol to help him understand.
There's no chance that
you're being honest?
I'm asking if you really think I did that.
You were there below the stairs too.
- What do you mean? - You saw everything there.
It wasn't me.
Then, who would it be?
How dare you? Are you saying that Sunbae called out Sunbae Sang Cheol?
Do you know how hard he worked to deal with this?
The e-board members who threatened to report it to the police, he talked to every one of them, and even paid them back.
Joo Yeon, that's enough.
Hey, Hong Seol, so are you saying that he reported Sang Cheol behind his back and at the outset helped him, too?
- Are you writing a novel right now?- It really wasn't you?
I shouldn't have pushed it like that.
Behind that smile of Sunbae's
was a scary duality
that I didn't really know of, back then.
Thank you.
Hel–
- Two Americanos please. - Please wait one moment, please.
Hong Seol, did you even properly apologize to Sunbae?
You didn't even greet him properly back there.
Sunbae is letting it go because he has such a nice personality. If it were me, I wouldn't have been so nice.
- So what? - You should know how to be grateful.
Hi, Seol.
What is with this human?
Sunbae, you'll be late for class. Let's go quickly.
Wait a minute.
Seol, I noticed you drink a lot of coffee.
- Drink something that's good for you.- What?
He just ignored me back there. Why is he being like this now?
See you later.
You're trying so hard for him to notice you.
Are you happy now?
Did he just talk to me to purposely pretend to be friendly with me
for Nam Joo Yeon to watch?
Why isn't she coming yet?
What are you doing this weekend?
- Blinded by love, Nam Joo Yeon began to torment me.  - Can you work on the assignment with me?
- I'll be working on it at home.
What? You were sleeping? What are you going to do about class?
- It's 10 AM, though.- Hey! The class starts at 10 AM! Get it together!
What about your attendance grade? We have a quiz!
It's an auto F if you miss even once! Didn't you know that?
The grade representative told me that the start time changed to 1 PM!
What? Nam Joo Yeon did?
Hey. It's 3 hours of continuous lecture, so you better fly here right now.
Ah... What is she talking about
Hey, Nam Joo Yeon! Did you tell Hong that class was at one o'clock?
Ah, right, sorry. It looks like I made a mistake in communication.
How can a wench that calls herself grade rep., make Hong suffer this way?!
- This little... Really! - Hold it in, Noona, you'll be the one who'll look weird if you do this.
What do I do? Even if she runs from home, it'll take her more than 20 minutes.
Why is the Professor not here yet? I should call him.
You wait in front of the classroom and kidnap the professor for just an hour.
Ah... what kind of nonsense are you saying/
I'll kiss you on the cheek.
- Hey. - Who do you think I am?
Why is the door like this?
Teaching Assistant Heo?
Well, uhm... The professor suddenly had horrible stomach cramps,
and he went to the emergency room so he might not make it to the class.
Is she crazy? I'm taking attendance.
- Then, we'll do the quiz. - How can you do that?!
- It's here, brat. - We don't even have scheduled lecture today, so why take roll?
- The professor is not even here so why would there be a quiz? - It was the professor's directions.
But who are you to be saying that?
Huh?! Who the heck are you?!
I'm sorry.
Noona... I'll be back. Just wait a bit.
Where? Hey. We're in the middle of the class. Are you going to the bathroom now?
Heo Kyeong Joo.
Assistant Professor, I'm so sorry. I didn't have bus fare,
so I walked here. I'm so sorry.
Go inside go.
Teaching Assistant, I love you!
Hey! What're you doing!
- Bring it here now. - I'm sorry, but It's mine now!!!
Bring it here you punk. Bring it back!
Why would you take that!!
- Bring that back, bastard!- It's mine!
Noona.
Bring it back!
Ah you punk! That punk! Bring it back!
Bring it here!
- I love you. Ah this punk.- I. Love.You!
What kind of love is this?!
Why...
You punk!
- Let's stop this now. - Stop what?! What?!
Why would you run away with this? Ah this punk, really.
- I love you. - You don't have to love me.
Oh it's such a relief.
Unni, the Professor didn't come today, so Teaching Assistant Heo came in.
So Eun Taek took the roll book, and flew away with it.
- Yeah, I saw Eun Taek. - Oh! Where did you see him?
- Ah ah ah! I'm sorry- Get in here! Get in here, you punk!- Ah, I'm sorry.
- Go take your seat, now.- Oh, I'm very sorry.
- Why would you take that.  - Aww...
Servant you set an achievement.
- You're not sorry at all. I mean why would you take this?-What?
You should behave even better when the professor's not around.
Now. I'll do roll call again.
- Kang Seung Beom! - Here.
Oh Yeo Ji.
After the incident at the beginning of semester party,
Sunbae began skillfully manipulating others
to harass me to no end.
You should have been careful.
That... was when I could feel it for sure.
A certain malicious intent towards me.
All because of one person, my school life became hell.
So that is why I decided to take time off from school.
Look at your complexion. But at least you're hanging in there.
You should take a day off from part-time work on a day like this.
I have to go back to work soon.
Do you remember talking about taking a leave from school while drinking last night?
- What? - I knew you wouldn't remember. - I've gone crazy.
Here, take it. It's some spare money I'm not using. Use it towards your tuition.
You're crazy. It's money that you've been putting away for a year to go backpacking.
No it's not. It's only been for 10 months.
- You... - Take it!
Is school some kind of stepping-stone or something, that you're jumping here and there?
If you take time off now, do you know how old you'll be when you graduate?
For women, age is a part of their qualifications.
- You're crazy! How can I accept this? - I said take it!
I really want to go to school together with you!
- I feel the same way! - Take it!
It's not because of money!
I guess it is because of money!
Oh, Eun Taek. What is it?
Whaat? It's a real lucky strike.
Okay. Alright. I got it. Bye.
- What? Did something good happen to Eun Taek?
- Should I tell you or not...?- Tell me!
You're the recipient of the full-tuition scholarship.
Miss Hong Seol, I said you got the full-tuition scholarship!
How can something like this... happen?
A year of my part-time job wages fell from the sky just now.
Is it the will of Heaven?
But how can I go to school with that guy?
Hong!
Noona.
Let's go quickly, okay?
Hurry, hurry, hurry.
Why? Why are we hurrying?
Let's run!
Why are we running? We still have plenty of time!
If we don't run, there's no room.
Oh right, we need to secure the seats in the computer room!
There's no way that'll happen, it'll be okay!
Do you really want to be running around all semester? Just run!!
Run quickly!
Look behind us!
Hurry up! Bora!
I feel like I'm about to fall. Wait up for me!
Wait up for me!
Arg...I'm so tired. There are too few monitors.
Turn on your computer first, hurry.
Okay.
Nothing else really matters, but we need to take Professor Han's class so put that in as your first choice.
Of course I know. If we take Professor Kang's class, we're all dead.
Did you open up the atomic clock?
Yeah. I did it.
We can't click it fast or we can't click it too late. We have to click it at exactly 9 o'clock sharp.
Here we go Noonas. Your one and only life during the semester, depends on your pointer finger, so please warm them up.
Okay.
A little faster!
What the!
Ugh, the server actually seems to have gone down.
Stay right there. Don't click "reset" okay?
- Hey, hey, hey. - If you do that, you're doomed.
Sunbae, why is it like this?
- Let go of me.- I'm actually going crazy.
It's working! Yes!Term Page Msg: Normal Registration has been completed
- Sunbae is it working? It's working! - Okay, okay
Mine's not working.
- My power went off...- Okay!
It's not working yet?
Did you get Professor Han's class?
- I did it!- Success! Success!
Well, the others I can take time to pick...
My other classes are all being postponed?
- Do another class. Execute Plan B. Plan B.- C'mon you have to help me.
Then do Plan C.
Guys, I think I failed.
I have first period for three days.
Ah, that was refreshing.
Refreshing? It seems like I have to take a break from the semester.
Why? At least you got into Professor Han's class.
She's right. That's quite an achievement.
Professor Han's class is the ONLY good one. Look at the other classes. They're the definition of doom.
Yeah, I would've rested a semester if I were you, too.
What is this? You don't have first period classes at all? Look at hers!
We ran together and banged the keyboard together just the same just now,
but why is yours so pretty?
No, it's because your finger is so short–
Hey! Hey! You want to die?
I feel so wronged to top it off. - Oh look! It's Sunbae Yoo Jeong! Sunbae Yoo Jeong!
Hello.
Oh Jeong! You came?
You came, Sunbae?
Oh, Hooba Hong, I heard you got the full-tuition scholarship.
Wow, you're lucky. Buy us some food.
She should. Since she got that due to Yoo Jeong Sunbae.
She should treat everyone to meat about ten times.
- Yeah. - Nam Joo Yeon, what are you saying?
Didn't you know? Because Teaching Assistant Heo, lost Sunbae Yoo Jeong's report,
the scholarship was passed onto Seol instead.
On a day like this, wouldn't it be nice if we all ate meat together?
Treat everyone to beef.
- Sunbae.- Yeah- I'll treat everyone to beef.
But I want to eat the beef that Seol buys.
- Oh, Sunbae. It's my treat.- Yeah sure
Nice to see you, Seol.
Wow, so she got the full-tuition scholarship?
Daebak. What is going on?
Because of that human, I had such a tough time last year, and even considered taking a leave from school.
But thanks to that human, I am able to go back to school?
What is going on?
I feel like I'm being sucked into something.
Oh, I don't feel good about this...
Hey, Seol.
What are you doing?
I'm just looking at my class schedule.
I'm finished.
I'm happy to see you again.
Want to eat lunch with me?
Huh?!
You haven't had lunch yet, right?
No.
I don't usually eat lunch.
Seol's Class Schedule
What is this? What the heck?
Did I do something wrong again?
No one else might know, but I know.
I haven't, though.
That scary face hidden behind that fake smile.
Hong! where are you going?
Didn't you meet Sunbae?
- How do you know about that? - I told him.
Hey!
You met him. What did he say?
He asked me to lunch.
Looks like Sunbae wants to start getting along with you this semester, and offered to treat you to lunch.
He's being magnanimous.
Magnanimous, my butt.
What? Did you run away again?
Aigoo, since you always run away here and there, he must have been frustrated.
Hey, you're probably the only person who dislikes him in our major.
Look at that Nam Joo Yeon, Nam Joo Yeon.
She's stuck to him and flirting with him all day long, saying, "Sunbae... Sunbae..."
No, Sunbae Yoo Jeong just wanted to eat with Seol, but
Noona Seol is just overreacting and drinking the kimchee stew (drinking kimchee stew = counting your chickens before the eggs hatch)
"Oh, maybe Yoo Jeong likes me? Oh maybe, we will date?"
Your novel is no fun, you know.
No, she's overreacting.
Don't drink the kimchee stew first.
Let's just eat already. I'm hungry.
Should've said so when Sunbae had
offered to buy you lunch.
♬ Please call after me again, ♬
♬ Raise your hand so I can recognize you right away. ♬
♬ What other words are needed. ♬
-Buy me a meal, Sunbae!♬ Believe things as you see them to be ♬
He's the one with a lot of money, him!♬  You and I ♬
- Buy us a meal, Sunbae!  - Hold on just a minute.♬  we,  ♬
Sunbae Sang Cheol!♬  What can be done ♬
It's a relief that we got into this class.
Look at all these people. This classroom is bursting.
I'll bet half of them are people who didn't get in, but are here to beg their way in.
See? Wasn't it good that we ran when I said we should?
Teacher Hong Seol.
Hello.
Wow, there are so many of you. Some of you are even sitting on the stairs.
Maybe we need to borrow the main auditorium, or something.
Looks like there are quite a few of you who couldn't register for this class.
Will you raise your hands?
I would love to make room for all of you,
but as you can see, having class like this is difficult,
So when I call roll, those whose names are not called, please leave before class begins.
I know that Professor Kang's class is quite good.
- Nah - Oh no, it's packed, and
you will learn a lot.
She's a better person than I am, so it will be good to learn from her, too.
From now, I will refuse anyone who begs me in my research room.
Especially the pretty young female students, I will particularly refuse them.
Then I will begin roll call.
- Nam Joo Yeon. - Here.
- Jang Bo Ra. - Here.
- Yoo Jeong. - Here.
- Choi Ji Yeon. - Here.
- Ham Yi Jin. - Here.
- Heo Kyung Joo. - Here.
Okay, I finished roll call.
- Now I'll begin class.  - Why didn't he call you?
Ask him. You might be marked absent.
Professor.
You didn't call my name.
What is your name?
I'm a Junior, and my name is Hong Seol.
You're not in here. Are you sure you registered for this class?
- We did it together.- Yeah
Is that so? Then go ahead an attend lecture today, and let's find out what happened later.
- What is this? It doesn't feel right.- Now we will begin...
Didn't we register at that time?
I even have it on my schedule.
I know.
This is your name, right?
Come look.
You see it? "schedule modification: delete". It's right here.
- Why are you being... - But that can't be true.
Just go already.
It's possible that something went...wrong.
Hey, the phone is ringing.
I-I'm sorry, could I make sure once more–
No. Hello?
Yes.
Class registration is closed, so nothing can be done.
Just once, just once
You can call the professor directly then.
What? Aish?
Hey, what is your name?
Hey hey hey, I dare you to come here and say that.
If you're not going to come, then don't call me, you punk!
N-Never mind, thank you.
How can something like this happen?
So someone stole your ID and password
and dropped that class?
But how did anyone know her password?
Maybe someone saw while she logged in.
So that person canceled her class and registered that class for him/herself.
- Noona what time did you say that it was?- Weird.
Oh, Ha Jae Woo? Did you get a new notebook computer?
What business is it of yours?
In any case, we have to catch the criminal and let everyone under heaven know.
Such people need to be publicly called out to come to their senses.
Honestly, for someone like me who's taking Professor Kang's class, which you hate so much, hearing that makes me feel bad.
Why are you suspecting everyone just because of her?
Because something suspicious happened is why I'm being suspicious.
Geez, you just got to have the last word.
Last word... being so self-righteous.
Honestly, all you need to do is just take another class.
I don't know why you're causing such commotion over something that is not a big deal.
I understand that you're obsessed with your grades, but you shouldn't suspect innocent people. It's quite offensive.
Hey, Nam Joo Yeon. Didn't you come early in the morning to register for Professor Han's class for the same reason?
Looks like you suspect that someone purposely dropped you from Professor Han's class.
Don't suspect people without any evidence.
Looks like that's your hobby since last year.
Hey, are you finished!
How dare she pretend that she's so above it all, that unlucky ball!
Oh, really.
Just wait until this person gets caught. I will let them have it.
Yes, I want to be cool and just laugh it off.
But it will be harder to get the scholarship again if I attend Professor Kang's class,
and then I have to take another leave next semester.
Oh, things are so twisted.
But, if the time that the class was canceled was around 12 PM,
then that was while I was in the library.
Seol. Seol.
- S-Sunbae.  - You're in this class too?
Yes. But, why are you here?
I thought this class will be more roomy.
It must be the same for you.
It must be.
- It was. - How fun.
Fun. Yeah, right.
How are we in the same class? Could this be a coincidence?
Wouldn't someone have watched when she logged in?
No way. No.
That person could definitely have done that.
You're all done with classes today, right?
- Want to have dinner together? - No.
Why? Do I make you uncomfortable?
No, it's not that.
I was going to meet with Professor Han to appeal to him.
Your course registration got cancelled, didn't it?
It seems like someone cancelled it intentionally.
There isn't anyone you suspect?
I'm not too sure yet.
But, I'll definitely catch them. For sure.
I'll be going.
There are about 80 people, and I can't enter
all the student ID's individually.
Okay, I can do it. But
- all it will show is a list of legitimate cancellations. - Isn't there any other way?
There is a security team, but even there
all you will get is a list of IP's from where they logged in.
We can't find out who the culprit is this way.
I have a favor to ask.
I understand your situation, but right now, there's really nothing I can do.
I have heard that a few more students can enroll at your request.
Please do me this favor. I really want to take your class.
Ah, jeez. This is why I tell pretty students not to come here.
Aigoo, is that something a professor should say?
- Hello. - Oh, sure.
My class has some spots left.
What? Mine is also required for your major, anyway. Take my class.
Why? You don't want to take mine?
- No, it's not that. - If it's not that, then why?
Oh, you must be scared because it is a witch's class, right?
Witch Kang, right? It seems the students call me Witch Kang.
Good gracious.
It's because you guys don't know me.
I am an extremely nice and gentle woman.
- Why are you laughing? - No, it's just...
In any case, I think it'll be difficult to add you to my class.
Go ahead and enroll in Professor Kang's class.
Yes. If you really get to know her, you'll see that she is a nice and gentle woman.
You'll learn a lot from her.
- You'll treat this student well, right? - Ah, yes, of course.
I'm always good to my students.
What is your name?
It's Hong Seol.
Hong Seol? Omo, your name is so pretty.
Let's do a good job.
- Yes. - Have some.
The third and second lecture on Tuesday, so international Trade doesn't fit...
I'm ruined. I was ruined from the start.
Yoo Jeong, that bastard, seriously.
Welcome...
How did he know I work here?
I'll take your order.
- I'll have one Americano and a strawberry shake. - Strawberry shake?
That'll be 8,000 won.
- Do you want the receipt? - No.
Here you go.
That's yours.
- Now, what is this supposed to mean? - What the heck?
Hello? Oh, Soo Gyeong? Why aren't you coming?
- Min Gyeong Wan? - Yes. - Kim Sang Cheol? - Yes.
You got an F last semester, right? Let's do better.
- Go Min Soo? -Yes. - Hong Seol?
Hong Seol?
About what you're most curious about, grades.
Attendance 20%, mid-terms 50%.
Group projects 20%, individual projects 10%.
And about the group presentations, one for the midterm and one for the final, so two in total.
What's wrong? Did you come into my class without knowing this?
I thought you'd know it all.
You all want to go somewhere and take a comfortable and relaxed class, right?
Look somewhere else. Everyone, come to your senses.
If you do that, your lives will become leisurely.
In today's recession, do you want your life to be a failure?
Of course not.
Who is it?
- I apologize. - If you're sorry, then hurry and come in.
You're tardy.
Listen carefully. Three tardies equal one absence.
If you get three absences, that is an automatic fail for this class.
Even though we just began this semester,
I will always check attendance. Is that clear?
- Hong Seol? - Yes? - You have one tardy.
Hong Seol? What about your textbook?
You came unprepared. Yes?
Everyone, open your textbooks.
Look at this, look at all of you.
You didn't hear anything about my class?
I start teaching from the very first class.
You must bring your textbook to class.
To anyone who doesn't bring their book next time,
you will need to retake this class, like Sang Cheol in the back.
Now, open your books.
- Let's get started. - Can we look together?
One day he suddenly became the King of England.
To get targeted by Witch Kang...
But seeing that guy in the morning ruined my mood, seriously.
Seol.
- Who?  - Oh, I am Min Soo, Son Min Soo.
I have something to tell you.
Perhaps... I'm just saying perhaps...
I saw it.
The day we applied for classes, and you used the computer here
the person who used it after you did.
Who was it?
Seol. What are you doing?
Ehm... Just checking my class schedule.
I'm done looking.
Sunbae Yoo again?
Can you really trust her? You don't remember last year?
You suspected that Yoo Jeong uploaded that stuff about Sang Cheol and totally got screwed.
I think you should be a little more careful.
If you accuse people carelessly, you could be totally ostracized.
Do you like Yoo Jeong that much? You want to see him so much that you have to check the CCTV?
You little...
I'm going to look by myself.
- Why are you being so cold? - Go, go, go.
Are you really suspecting me?
Since you aren't answering, I guess you are.
If you didn't do it, then tell me you didn't.
Fine. Let's meet at 6 in front of the library.
We can check the CCTV footage together.
Oh, right, this.
I didn't know you two were here, so I only brought one for Seol.
- No, it's okay. - It's okay.
Hey, you wench. It looks like it really wasn't him. What are you going to do?
Ah, seriously.
Do you like him?
I guess you do like him.
Hey, you drink this.
Oh, it's cold, it's cold.
Will something change if I listen to that lecture?
Of course it will. He is the God of Business. You have to.
- That person's salary must be no joke.  - Hello?
Joo Yeon.
I don't think I'll be able to go to the lecture.
Why? Everyone's here waiting.
I have an appointment with Seol. We are going to check the library's CCTV together.
I think we can catch the culprit who deleted Seol's course.
But, why do you have to check the CCTV footage with Seol?
Then, what about the lecture?
Since we're meeting at 6PM, I'll see if I have still have time. I'm hanging up.
Seol, CCTV? What's going on?
Looks like we can't eat meat anymore after this lecture.
I canceled my plans since we were supposed to eat meat. Let's go.
Let's just go.
- Hello. - Ah, yes.
You've been working hard, haven't you?
The call cannot be connected, after the tone...
It's past 6 and Sunbae Yoo Jeong isn't answering his phone.
Is there something up like you said there was?
Let's stop waiting around and leave.
But, will they show us the CCTV footage? I'm worried about that.
I have a good idea. Let's go.
- You're not using me again, are you? - Just come in.
What is it?
My dad burned everything else.
That one picture was the only thing I had left.
No matter how hard it got, I could endure because of that picture.
Ajusshi, I have to find my wallet.
If I lose that, what am I going to look at when I miss my mom?
Ah, seriously.
Ajusshi, please. Yes?
Look quickly.
I'll go do a round.
Okay, we'll take care of it. Thank you.
Here. Hey.
Right here.
What did you say the date was?
February 16th. Around 11:52 AM.
52 minutes. Here it is.
- Where were you seated then?  - Here in that corner.
What? It's a blind spot. Why of all places, it had to be there?
Then, we can just check who came in and out.
Let's turn it back to 11:40.
Is there something?
Ah, here's Sunbae Yoo Jeong.
He was continuously looking at you.
He's getting closer and closer.
Then, right about now... "Want to go eat?"
"No, I already ate."
- "Then, what about coffee?" - "I drank coffee too." Did you avoid him like this?
Something like that.
You were talking.
Oh, you ran out.
Did you log out?
You didn't? Ah, seriously.
- I guess not. - But, Sunbae Yoo Jeong is just standing here.
Right, he's not going out.
- No way. - No way.
Sunbae Yoo Jeong didn't delete it, did he?
For now, just watch. Oh, he's going out.
Wait, what time... 11:45? 11:45?
Hey, then, it wasn't Sunbae! You said it happened at 11:53.
What are you always like that since last year? It's not like you have a trauma related to him.
How are you going to face Sunbae?
Ajusshi, I think I need to look a bit more and we can see it.
- Ah, students, if you keep doing this, I'll get in trouble.  - Ah, Ahjusshi!
Forget it, forget it. Get out, get out.
Hurry up.
Why did you do it?
What did I do?
Then, Sunbae...
Why were you there at that time?
Jeong.
Then, what about you? Why were you there?
I was curious who made Seol that way.
I got the IP from TA Heo. It was the computer Seol was using in the library.
So I found the CCTV footage.
Jeong, I did wrong.
This once... Just this once, let it go.
If you pretend you don't know, we can move on as if nothing has happened.
I didn't do it on purpose.  I went to use the computer.
Someone didn't log out. And it was Hong.
I was just going to turn it off.
Jeong, you also know that I had to retake that class.
If I take Professor Kang's class and fail again,
let alone graduating, I won't be able to get a job.
I was... I was really desperate at that time.
You should have said that to Seol.
Ah, this is unfair for me, too.
I deleted the class and was about to register,
but some other bastard took the spot.
It was like I "made porridge and gave it to the dog." (I.e., did something for nothing.)
Jeong, it was really wrong of me to do that.
If this gets out, I'd seriously be too embarrassed to come to school.
Seriously.
I'll do anything you want, just tell me what you want.
But...
We should change the CCTV locations in our school.
Huh?
That spot happened to be in a blind spot.
I knew you walked in and out,
but I had no idea what you did there.
Did you... just play me?
No way.
I didn't know either.
That you...
would tell me everything.
Hey, Jeong, you...
Ah, who could it be?
That's what I was saying. We couldn't catch the culprit. It's so frustrating.
I'm going home first.
You're not going to eat dinner with us? We should eat together!
- Go safely. - Take care.
If it wasn't Sunbae, then who could it be?
Was it really not Sunbae?
Did you find the culprit?
Why didn't you come?
Do you still think I'm the culprit?
Why didn't you tell me that you didn't do it?
If I told you I didn't, would you have believed me?
No, I wouldn't have believed you.
Why did you give up on the scholarship? Why did you take the same class as I did?
I have so many things to ask you,
but I don't have the confidence to trust your answers just yet.
I'm sorry. It looks like I misunderstood this time.
Is that all?
What?
Want to eat dinner together?
No.
I don't eat dinner.
I'm sorry.
♫ Your heart ♫
♫ falls down along a rose vine. ♫
♫ Oh that feeling, I ♫
♫ want to touch it. ♫
That was how class registration period ended.♫ I want to sing. Oh I ♫
I couldn't find the culprit in the end, but whoever it was,
it must have been someone more desperate than me.
That's what I decided to think.
Let's put in tuna.
Hello?
Yeah, Mom.
Am I a child? Don't worry.
Of course I'm eating well.
Right now I'm eating hoedopbap with tuna (steamed rice with vegetables and raw fish)
Oh, raw tuna is the most expensive!
I got calls from a few places.
I'm choosing between them right now.
Your son has to work for a big conglomerate.
Yeah, don't worry too much, Mom. Yeah.
Mom, hey, send me some kimchi. Give me kimchi.
Yeah. Yeah, thanks, Mom. Okay.
Hey, In Ha! Wait a minute!
Thanks. Stay healthy. Bye.
Hey, Baek... Hey, Baek In Ha!
Seriously, what's with you?
I did everything you wanted. Are you a con artist?
Are you crazy?
In the time I went with you I increased your prestige. I acted charming and
I did everything. Don't you know to give and take?
You little...
Hey, forget it. Did you think that men didn't care about a woman's money and job?
You're 26 years old, but you do nothing other than latch onto men.
- You bastard, is that all you can say!!! - Are you asking if she is a slut?
I must have crap in my ears because I can't stand listening to this.
What are you?
What kind of guy follows a woman around like that? What did you eat that made you into such a loser?
Even this raggedy bastard too now.
Are you going to take this to the very end?
From now on, don't live like that.
You crazy bastard.
This bastard.
Open the door, bastard!
Hey, stop right there!
That crazy bastard! That bastard!
You're over if I catch you!
All you deserve is the middle finger!
You b*lless bas****!
Your temper hasn't died down, Baek In Ho.
You're also the same.
- Except that you're older.  - You are also...
You look even more like a bum than before.
Oh, it smells like a widower's house. You smoke in here, do you?
But, why do you live here?
Did you get kicked out?
Kicked out? Who got kicked out?
The president gave me this place. He set me up on my own.
You didn't get your place on your own, you ignorant fool.
That's that.
But, how did you know I live here?
I went to your school and said I was your younger brother.
They said you quit school.
What's the point of going to school? It's not like I'm getting a job.
Are you quitting school and the best you can do is to scam men?
You're funny.
- Pathetic fool.  - You ran off before. Why do you care?
When I was dissing school you were cutting out. What do you care?
- Because you're being pathetic.  - You are even more pathetic.
Why did you come? You played enough for five years?
Anyway, at a glance of what you're wearing from head to toe it's size. Size!
- I should just... - Ah, I got it.
Did you come to get money from Chairman?
- Under the pretext of doctor's fees, physical therapy fees, it will be nice. Very nice. You'll pull out living expenses—- Baek In Ha!
Shut your mouth. How old you are that you're still--
That's why you can't do it.
What changes if you have pride?
As much as you have rolled around on the ground, you know, don't you?
That's right. I'm the crazy bastard for being curious enough to look for his sister.
How did I end up with a sister like you?
Did you meet with Jeong?
He changed a lot.
Enough time has passed. Do you think Jeong has been at peace?
Why? Should I call him for you?
Ridiculous.
Jeong!
In Ho came. Oh! You were surprised, right?
That's right. We should hang out all three of us.
Oh, it's exam period?
Then it'll be hard to make time.
I got it. Yeah, I'll tell In Ho.
He says that he has exams. I guess he misses you.
- Try looking for Jeong.- Don't be ridiculous. What bullsh*t.
It's up to you if you believe or not.
Even if you leave, wouldn't it make you feel better to see him once?
Jeong goes to Yeonhui University, majoring in business.
Where are you going?
Why isn't this bastard answering?
Jeong! In Ho came!
Why aren't you answering? It's been a while since we've hung out.
Just like old times, hm?
- Cha Min Young?  - Yes.
- Ha Jae Woo? - Yes.
- Hong Seol? - Yes!
Since the situation became like this, I might as well work hard.
There's surely something I will learn.
Where else won't I see that Sunbae's face.
Yoo Jeong, what brings you here?
- I'm sorry. - Huh?
Wait a minute.
Your name is not on the class list.
I switched. I thought this class would be more fun.
Oh, okay. It's good to see you.
Of course, students who are wise take my class.
Now, shall we start the class?
Strategic Management, page 12.
Seol, hi.
What's with this guy?!
Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ viki. com
A suspicious Sunbae has started to act suspiciously.
Why? Do I bother you? You also really bother me.
- Are you close with Sunbae? - We're not close. We're not close at all.
Seol. Seol. Seol. Seol, want to go eat?
- Eat with me.  - Is this person food deprived or what?
Get yourself together, Hong Seol. You shouldn't get fooled by that smile.
That person is cunning like a snake.
I can't figure out what those wicked people are thinking about.
Don't be so happy that Sunbae is showing interest in you.
Because Sunbae is friendly to anyone.
You've never had any particular interest.
- Pathetic fool.  - He still feels guilty...
Look at your face. Feeling no guilt after ruining someone's life.
Feel guilty? Why should I?
Hey, come over here.
He likes you. You're the only one who treats him that way.
Me?
I'm saying this because I'm worried.
Seol is in danger right now.  - Don't worry, nothing will happen.
It's a different feeling than what I've felt before.
Is he being sincere?
Ugh, I really don't know anymore.